# Digestion
As this title indicates, today I am *not* going to write a report. Instead, I am going to digest the whole project as in the current state and summarize the takeaways.

## What is completed till now
The basic framework is completed, and the homepage is almost done. The homepage is dedicated into displaying the highlight information. At present, I consider to display what clothes is urgently needed to be replaced.

Breaking down into components, I have completed the following:
- [x] A clickable and fully worked bottom navigation bar
- [x] Clickable and scrollable* highlight cards
* The scrollable part is only working on the mobile version. It is said that the web and PC version have different machenism of scrolling. I will look into it later.

## Breaking down into components
In the following, I will try my best to explain the components and their machenism.
### main.dart
This is the main file of the project. It is the entry point of the application. It is also the file that contains the `main()` function. The `main()` function is the first function to be executed when the application is launched. It is also the function that is responsible for the initialization of the application.

Firstly, two key concepts must be clarified. The `StatelessWidget` and the `StatefulWidget`. 

>A widget is either stateful or stateless. If a widget can change—when a user interacts with it, for example—it’s stateful.   
A stateless widget never changes. Icon, IconButton, and Text are examples of stateless widgets. Stateless widgets subclass StatelessWidget.   
A stateful widget is dynamic: for example, it can change its appearance in response to events triggered by user interactions or when it receives data. Checkbox, Radio, Slider, InkWell, Form, and TextField are examples of stateful widgets. Stateful widgets subclass StatefulWidget.

So in `main.dart`, `MyApp` class inherents the `StatelessWidget` and builds the entire application. According to the previous description, the whole application is static. Why is static? Because the purpose of developing applications at *this* stage is only for displaying the information. 

On the contrary, the `BottomBar` class inherents the `StatefulWidget` and builds the navigation bar. The navigation bar is dynamic because it is clickable and can be used to navigate to different pages.

### bottom_bar.dart
>The `BottomNavigationBar` displayed at the bottom of an app for selecting among a small number of views, typically between three and five.   
The `BottomNavigationBarItem` is an interactive button within either material's BottomNavigationBar or the iOS themed CupertinoTabBar with an icon and title. 

```dart
BottomNavigationBarItem({required Widget icon, String? label, Widget? activeIcon, Color? backgroundColor, String? tooltip})
```

### outfit_view.dart
The difference between `SizedBox` and `Container` is referred to [this blog](https://zenn.dev/ymizushi/articles/ba6399a3a12711).

`Boxdecoration` is a class that is used to decorate the `Container`. It is used to set the color, border, and shadow of the `Container`. More information can be referred to [this blog](https://www.jianshu.com/p/9012bc9e2feb).

`mainAxisAlignment` and `crossAxisAlignment` are used to set the alignment of the children widgets. More information can be referred to [this blog](https://www.jianshu.com/p/d9b5fd16c098) and [this StackOverflow page](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/53850149/flutter-crossaxisalignment-vs-mainaxisalignment).
